we can use DFS to recursively
traverse the tree and while traversing the tree
subtract the value of the current node from the given sum
and get the new sum and in each step,
check whether we have reached the leaf node or not
And if the new sum value is zero
And if the current node is null and the new sum
value is zero, we have found a path with the
given sum. So return 1 and if we reach leaf node
But the new sum value is not zero, which means
we have reached the whole path but the path sum
is not equal to the given sum so we
can return zero.
So do this process and return to any one
of sub tree has a path with the given sum
For example, let's take this tree and assume the given
sum as 210. Now subtract root node
100 from 210
Now the remaining sum becomes 110 and in node
Subtract 50 from the remaining sum 110
Now the new sum becomes 60 and in node 10
subtract 10 from the remaining sum 60 and it
becomes 50 now we have reached null which means we
have come to the end of one path.
But the remaining sum is 50 which is non zero
That means this path sum is not equal to the
given sum so it will return zero
Now the execution control will reach 50's right which is
node 60. In node 50
The remaining sum is 60
So the current node value 60 is subtracted from the
remaining sum 60 which become zero.
Next we have null
So we have come to the end of another path.
But this time we have the remaining sum as zero
that means this path 100 50 60, sum is equal to
the given sum 210 so we can return true.
here in root's left sub tree one path returns zero
and another path returns one.
But if anyone path has given sum, we can return
True
So we need to return OR of left and right recursion result.
Here zero OR one will be one
So this tree has a path with sum equal to
the given sum value
So using this idea, you can try solving this problem.